## Product Backlog

- [28 Product Backlog and Refinement Anti-Patterns](https://age-of-product.com/28-product-backlog-anti-patterns/) - by Stefan Wolpers. "Scrum is a practical framework to build products, provided you identified in advance what to build. But even after a successful product discovery phase, you may struggle to make the right thing in the right way if your product backlog is not up to the job. Garbage in, garbage out – as the saying goes. The following article points at 28 of the most common product backlog anti-patterns – including the product backlog refinement process – that limit your Scrum team’s success."

- [Scrum Product Backlog – the Ultimate Simplistic Guide](https://luis-goncalves.com/scrum-product-backlog/) - by Luís Gonçalves. "While training some of my clients during the last few weeks, I have been continuously asked about scrum product backlog. To answer your ongoing questions, I have decided to research this topic more thoroughly and write this blog post."

- [The Art of Maintaining a Backlog](https://www.code-runners.com/blog/the-art-of-maintaining-a-backlog/) - by Code Runners. "What we’ve realized over a multitude of projects is that optimal backlog size depends on three main factors – the product type (SaaS/enterprise), maturity stage (startup/established/mature) and the target industry dynamics (volatile/stable/conservative). Of course, there are secondary factors – cash burn rate, monthly active users (MAU), release cycle specifics and number of stakeholders – but unless you are at an extreme with any of those, their influence would be insignificant. A well-managed backlog would contain work for three to seven months. The more enterprise-oriented and mature a product gets, the longer your backlog needs to be, especially if operating within a stable, rarely disrupted industry."

- [The Backlog (aka Wishing Well)](https://medium.com/@johnpcutler/the-backlog-aka-wishing-well-122b939b2f87) - by John Cutler. "[A] list of some backlog gotchas and challenges..."
